README.md, before:

WGTOTW
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/helikopterspark/WGTOTW.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/helikopterspark/WGTOTW)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/build-status/master)

This forum site is built with the Anax MVC micro framework. It requires a MySQL database.

To install:

Clone from github.com.

Run composer update --no-dev to retrieve third party code libraries.

Enter database credentials in app/conf/config_mysql_wgtotw.php.

Run app/config/reset.sql via phpAdmin or MySQL Workbench to set up all tables.

Do chmod 777 webroot/css/anax-grid (to allow the generation of style.css from the LESS-files).

Edit webroot/.htaccess to allow modrewrite on your server (make sure your Apache server settings allow modrewrite).

To set up an admin user, type in the address to your side with the route 'users/setup'. User credentials is admin/admin.

Anax-MVC
=========

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/leaphly/cart-bundle/version.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/anax/mvc)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mosbth/Anax-MVC.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mosbth/Anax-MVC)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/badges/coverage.png?s=f999ab1961684a91050b095682f7ab7a13ccb534)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/)
[![Scrutinizer Quality Score](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/badges/quality-score.png?s=1c2fc1af0df7fb7ee1e4f379a81253583a750297)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/)

A PHP-based and MVC-inspired (micro) framework / webbtemplate / boilerplate for websites and webbapplications.

Read article about it here: ["Anax som MVC-ramverk"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/anax-som-mvc-ramverk) and here ["Bygg en me-sida med Anax-MVC"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/bygg-en-me-sida-med-anax-mvc).

Builds upon Anax-base, read article about Anax-base ["Anax - en hållbar struktur för dina webbapplikationer"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/anax-en-hallbar-struktur-for-dina-webbapplikationer) to get an overview of its none-MVC variant.

By Mikael Roos, me@mikaelroos.se.



License
------------------

This software is free software and carries a MIT license.



Use of external libraries
-----------------------------------

The following external modules are included and subject to its own license.



### Modernizr
* Website: http://modernizr.com/
* Version: 2.6.2
* License: MIT license
* Path: included in `webroot/js/modernizr.js`



### PHP Markdown
* Website: http://michelf.ca/projects/php-markdown/
* Version: 1.4.0, November 29, 2013
* License: PHP Markdown Lib Copyright © 2004-2013 Michel Fortin http://michelf.ca/
* Path: included in `3pp/php-markdown`




History
-----------------------------------


###History for Anax-MVC

v2.0.x (latest)

* Enhancing verbosity on exceptino messages by printing out $di
* Display valid routes and controllers to aid in 404 debugging.


v2.0.4 (2015-04-05)

* Navbar to display current item even if ? is present, fix 15.
* Updated composer.json and removed dependency to coverall.io.
* updated .travis.yml to remove dependency to coverall.io and do not install composer.phar.
* Adding example for shortcodes [BASEURL], [RELURL] and [ASSET].
* Adding example code on using forward and view creation, fix #13.
* `CDispatcherBasic->foward()` now returns a value, fix #12.
* Throw exception when headers already sent, fix #11.
* Removed testcase where exception was not thrown in creating session on hvm.



v2.0.3 (2015-01-12)

* Adding autoloader to composer.json to enable download from packagist using composer and require.
* Add PHP 5.6 as testenvironment in Travis.
* Testcases for \Anax\Session\CSession.
* Testcases for \Anax\DI\CDI.
* Improved exception when creation of service failes in $di.
* CNavbar now works for descendants of a menuitem.
* Correcting example `webroot/test/navigation-bar.php` to correctly show current menu item.
* Improved error messages in `CDispatcherbasic`.
* Improved errorhandling in trait `TInjectable`, now throwing more verbose exceptions on which class is using the trait.



v2.0.2 (2014-10-25)

* Added example for navigation bar and how to create urls in navbar.
* Add default route handler for route defined as '*'.
* Added empryt directory for app-specific file content `app/content`.
* Minor fixes to error messages.
* Several minor fixes to code formatting.
* Added `CUrl::createRelative()` for urls relative current frontcontroller.
* Reorganized and added testprograms in `webroot/test`.
* Improved documentation in `docs/documentation` and `webroot/docs.php`.
* Added config-file for phpunit `phpunit.xml.dist`.
* Added `phpdoc.dist.xml`.
* Enhanced `Anax\Navigation\CNavBar` with class in menu item.
* Added phpdocs to `docs/api`.


v2.0.1 (2014-10-17)

* Updates to match comments example.
* Introduced and corrected bug (issue #1) where exception was thrown instead of presenting a 404-page.
* Added `CSession::has()`.
* Corrected bug #2 in `CSession->name` which did not use the config-file for naming the session.
* Added `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` calling `initialize` om each controller.
* Added exception handling to provide views for 403, 404 and 500 http status codes and added example program in `webroot/error.php`.
* Added `docs` to init online documentation.
* Adding flash message (not storing in session).
* Adding testcases for CDispatcherBasic and now throwing exceptions from `dispatch()` as #3.
* Adding example for integrating CForm in Anax MVC and as a result some improvements to several places.
* Adding check to `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` to really check if the methods are part of the controller class and not using `__call()`.
* Improved error handling in `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` and testcase in `webroot/test_errormessages.php`.


v2.0.0 (2014-03-26)

* Cloned Anax-MVC and preparing to build Anax-MVC.
* Added autoloader for PSR-0.
* Not throwing exception in standard anax autoloader.
* Using anonomous functions in `bootstrap.php` to set up exception handler and autoloader.
* Added `$anax['style']` as inline style in `config.php` and `index.tpl.php`.
* Added unit testing with phpunit.
* Added automatic build with travis.
* Added codecoverage reports on coveralls.io.
* Added code quality through scrutinizer-ci.com.
* Major additions of classes to support a framework using dependency injections and service container.


###History for Anax-base

v1.0.3 (2013-11-22)

* Naming of session in `webroot/config.php` allows only alphanumeric characters.


v1.0.2 (2013-09-23)

* Needs to define the ANAX_INSTALL path before using it. v1.0.1 did not work.


v1.0.1 (2013-09-19)

* `config.php`, including `bootstrap.php` before starting session, needs the autoloader()`.


v1.0.0 (2013-06-28)

* First release after initial article on Anax.



```
 .  
..:  Copyright (c) 2013 - 2014 Mikael Roos, me@mikaelroos.se
```

Commit message:

add admin user, minor fixes

README.md, after:

WGTOTW
=======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/helikopterspark/WGTOTW.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/helikopterspark/WGTOTW)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/helikopterspark/WGTOTW/build-status/master)

This forum site is built with the Anax MVC micro framework. It requires a MySQL database.

To install:

Clone from github.com.

Run composer update --no-dev to retrieve third party code libraries.

Enter database credentials in app/conf/config_mysql_wgtotw.php.

Run app/config/reset.sql via phpAdmin or MySQL Workbench to set up all tables.

Do chmod 777 webroot/css/anax-grid (to allow the generation of style.css from the LESS-files).

Edit webroot/.htaccess to allow modrewrite on your server (make sure your Apache server settings allow modrewrite).

To set up an admin user, type in the address to your side with the route 'users/setup'. User credentials is admin/admin.

Use the admin user to create a number of tags, since without tags questions cannot be entered.

Anax-MVC
=========

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/leaphly/cart-bundle/version.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/anax/mvc)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mosbth/Anax-MVC.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mosbth/Anax-MVC)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/badges/coverage.png?s=f999ab1961684a91050b095682f7ab7a13ccb534)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/)
[![Scrutinizer Quality Score](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/badges/quality-score.png?s=1c2fc1af0df7fb7ee1e4f379a81253583a750297)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/mosbth/Anax-MVC/)

A PHP-based and MVC-inspired (micro) framework / webbtemplate / boilerplate for websites and webbapplications.

Read article about it here: ["Anax som MVC-ramverk"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/anax-som-mvc-ramverk) and here ["Bygg en me-sida med Anax-MVC"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/bygg-en-me-sida-med-anax-mvc).

Builds upon Anax-base, read article about Anax-base ["Anax - en hållbar struktur för dina webbapplikationer"](http://dbwebb.se/kunskap/anax-en-hallbar-struktur-for-dina-webbapplikationer) to get an overview of its none-MVC variant.

By Mikael Roos, me@mikaelroos.se.



License
------------------

This software is free software and carries a MIT license.



Use of external libraries
-----------------------------------

The following external modules are included and subject to its own license.



### Modernizr
* Website: http://modernizr.com/
* Version: 2.6.2
* License: MIT license
* Path: included in `webroot/js/modernizr.js`



### PHP Markdown
* Website: http://michelf.ca/projects/php-markdown/
* Version: 1.4.0, November 29, 2013
* License: PHP Markdown Lib Copyright © 2004-2013 Michel Fortin http://michelf.ca/
* Path: included in `3pp/php-markdown`




History
-----------------------------------


###History for Anax-MVC

v2.0.x (latest)

* Enhancing verbosity on exceptino messages by printing out $di
* Display valid routes and controllers to aid in 404 debugging.


v2.0.4 (2015-04-05)

* Navbar to display current item even if ? is present, fix 15.
* Updated composer.json and removed dependency to coverall.io.
* updated .travis.yml to remove dependency to coverall.io and do not install composer.phar.
* Adding example for shortcodes [BASEURL], [RELURL] and [ASSET].
* Adding example code on using forward and view creation, fix #13.
* `CDispatcherBasic->foward()` now returns a value, fix #12.
* Throw exception when headers already sent, fix #11.
* Removed testcase where exception was not thrown in creating session on hvm.



v2.0.3 (2015-01-12)

* Adding autoloader to composer.json to enable download from packagist using composer and require.
* Add PHP 5.6 as testenvironment in Travis.
* Testcases for \Anax\Session\CSession.
* Testcases for \Anax\DI\CDI.
* Improved exception when creation of service failes in $di.
* CNavbar now works for descendants of a menuitem.
* Correcting example `webroot/test/navigation-bar.php` to correctly show current menu item.
* Improved error messages in `CDispatcherbasic`.
* Improved errorhandling in trait `TInjectable`, now throwing more verbose exceptions on which class is using the trait.



v2.0.2 (2014-10-25)

* Added example for navigation bar and how to create urls in navbar.
* Add default route handler for route defined as '*'.
* Added empryt directory for app-specific file content `app/content`.
* Minor fixes to error messages.
* Several minor fixes to code formatting.
* Added `CUrl::createRelative()` for urls relative current frontcontroller.
* Reorganized and added testprograms in `webroot/test`.
* Improved documentation in `docs/documentation` and `webroot/docs.php`.
* Added config-file for phpunit `phpunit.xml.dist`.
* Added `phpdoc.dist.xml`.
* Enhanced `Anax\Navigation\CNavBar` with class in menu item.
* Added phpdocs to `docs/api`.


v2.0.1 (2014-10-17)

* Updates to match comments example.
* Introduced and corrected bug (issue #1) where exception was thrown instead of presenting a 404-page.
* Added `CSession::has()`.
* Corrected bug #2 in `CSession->name` which did not use the config-file for naming the session.
* Added `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` calling `initialize` om each controller.
* Added exception handling to provide views for 403, 404 and 500 http status codes and added example program in `webroot/error.php`.
* Added `docs` to init online documentation.
* Adding flash message (not storing in session).
* Adding testcases for CDispatcherBasic and now throwing exceptions from `dispatch()` as #3.
* Adding example for integrating CForm in Anax MVC and as a result some improvements to several places.
* Adding check to `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` to really check if the methods are part of the controller class and not using `__call()`.
* Improved error handling in `Anax\MVC\CDispatcherBasic` and testcase in `webroot/test_errormessages.php`.


v2.0.0 (2014-03-26)

* Cloned Anax-MVC and preparing to build Anax-MVC.
* Added autoloader for PSR-0.
* Not throwing exception in standard anax autoloader.
* Using anonomous functions in `bootstrap.php` to set up exception handler and autoloader.
* Added `$anax['style']` as inline style in `config.php` and `index.tpl.php`.
* Added unit testing with phpunit.
* Added automatic build with travis.
* Added codecoverage reports on coveralls.io.
* Added code quality through scrutinizer-ci.com.
* Major additions of classes to support a framework using dependency injections and service container.


###History for Anax-base

v1.0.3 (2013-11-22)

* Naming of session in `webroot/config.php` allows only alphanumeric characters.


v1.0.2 (2013-09-23)

* Needs to define the ANAX_INSTALL path before using it. v1.0.1 did not work.


v1.0.1 (2013-09-19)

* `config.php`, including `bootstrap.php` before starting session, needs the autoloader()`.


v1.0.0 (2013-06-28)

* First release after initial article on Anax.



```
 .  
..:  Copyright (c) 2013 - 2014 Mikael Roos, me@mikaelroos.se
```
